docs/policies/image.md, before:

---
last_update:
    author: Carlos Valdez
    date: 1710094327469
description: These are guidelines for how to use the Ojos Project name and logos.
---

# Image Policies

This document will go over how to properly use the Ojos Project logos and
identity.

:::warning

Do not use the images below as links.
[These links are not consistent](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/assets#static-assets).

:::

## Name

We are `Ojos Project`. You can describe us as "the Ojos Project", but when
it comes to signing paperwork with our name, we are `Ojos Project`.

## Font

Our logo uses the [Inter font](https://github.com/rsms/inter).

## Logos

### General Logo

![Ojos Project logo](@site/static/img/logo.png)

### Logo for circular frame

This logo is best for a circular frame. It has more space around it so it can
"breathe". Circular frames are often used for social media, or the clickable
logo on this website next to "Docs" above.

![Ojos Project logo with room to breathe](@site/static/img/logo-space.png)

### Header

This is a header with "Ojos Project" next to the logo. We often use this in our
software documentation or in our meta tags header.

![Ojos Project header](@site/static/img/header.png)

## Contact

If you need any information, please contact Carlos at
[cvaldezh@uci.edu](mailto:cvaldezh@uci.edu).

Commit message:

docs(policies/image): added static links to images

docs/policies/image.md, after:

---
last_update:
    author: Carlos Valdez
    date: 1710094327469
description: These are guidelines for how to use the Ojos Project name and logos.
---

# Image Policies

This document will go over how to properly use the Ojos Project logos and
identity.

:::warning

Do not use the images below as links.
[These links are not consistent](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/assets#static-assets).
Instead, use the links provided below the image. If the image cannot be found,
refer to
[the GitLab repository](https://gitlab.com/ojosproject/docs/-/tree/main/static/img).

:::

## Name

We are `Ojos Project`. You can describe us as "the Ojos Project", but when
it comes to signing paperwork with our name, we are `Ojos Project`.

## Font

Our logo uses the [Inter font](https://github.com/rsms/inter).

## Logos

### General Logo

![Ojos Project logo](@site/static/img/logo.png)

Link: `https://docs.ojosproject.org/img/logo.png`

### Logo for circular frame

This logo is best for a circular frame. It has more space around it so it can
"breathe". Circular frames are often used for social media, or the clickable
logo on this website next to "Docs" above.

![Ojos Project logo with room to breathe](@site/static/img/logo-space.png)

Link: `https://docs.ojosproject.org/img/logo-space.png`

### Header

This is a header with "Ojos Project" next to the logo. We often use this in our
software documentation or in our meta tags header.

![Ojos Project header](@site/static/img/header.png)

Link: `https://docs.ojosproject.org/img/header.png`

## Contact

If you need any information, please contact Carlos at
[cvaldezh@uci.edu](mailto:cvaldezh@uci.edu).
