docs/teams/url/requirements/stakeholders.md, before:

---
displayed_sidebar: urlTeamSidebar
---
# Stakeholder Model

:::info

This document is a work in progress and is not yet finalized. As with all
requirements analysis, this is iterative.

:::

This document will outline the stakeholders for the Ojos device.

## Pictoral Graph

This is still being worked on. ✍️

## Textual Analysis

The textual analysis includes various stakeholders who will, in one way or
another, have some kind of interaction with the device. Each stakeholder will
have a priority, relation to other stakeholders, area of expertise, and primary
concerns. **This is an iterative process, so information will change
constantly.**

### Hospice/EOL Agency

- Priority: major
- Relation to...
  - Nurses: Nurses work for agency
  - Caregivers: Communication between agency and caregivers
  - Patient: Agency oversees patient care
  - Government/HIPPA: Government oversees agency
- Area of expertise: Highly knowledgable
- Primary concerns
  - ???

### Hospice Nurse

- Priority: major
- Relation to...
  - Agency: Nurses work for agency
  - Caregivers: Usually first line of communication
  - Patient: Nurses directly attend patient
  - Government/HIPPA: Nurses regulated by HIPPA law
- Area of expertise: Highly knowledgable
- Primary concerns
  - ???

### Caregivers

- Priority: critical
- Relation to...
  - Agency: Caregivers contract agency
  - Nurse: Caregivers' first line of communication
  - Patient: Caregivers oversee patient's state and needs
  - Government/HIPPA: ???
- Area of expertise: Depends, usually not too much
- Primary concerns
  - Patient gets good quality care
  - Patient isn't mistreated
  - Patient medications are properly tracked
  - Can stay with patient as much as possible (provide resouces?)
  - There's clear communication between caregivers and with nurses
  - Patient can communicate their needs (to them or nurses)
  - Patient does not get overwhelmed more than necessary
  - Can communicate with patient when they're not there
  - Patient is **comfortable**

### Patient

- Priotiry: critical
- Relation to...
  - Agency: Agency oversees patient care
  - Nurse: Nurse directly cares for patient
  - Caregivers: Caregivers communicate patient's state and needs
  - Government/HIPPA: Patient information stays safe bc of HIPPA
- Area of expertise: Depends, usually not too much
- Primary concerns:
  - ???

### Government/HIPPA

...

## Current Unknowns

These are elements of this document that we still need to look into. Research
and interviews can be conducted for this.

- What are the concerns of the hospice agency?
- What are the concerns of hospice nurses?
- What are the concerns of patients?
- What does "area of expertise" mean in our situation?
- How does the government/HIPPA fit in?

Commit message:

docs: added more to requirements

docs/teams/url/requirements/stakeholders.md, after:

---
displayed_sidebar: urlTeamSidebar
---
# Stakeholder Model

:::info

This document is a work in progress and is not yet finalized. As with all
requirements analysis, this is iterative.

:::

Stakeholders are individuals that influence a system's requirements or are
impacted by that system. Identifying who the stakeholders are and what their
goals/priorities are early-on is important as it can help guide us with what we
need to look into or research. See [Current Unknowns](#current-unknowns).

## Pictoral Graph

This is still being worked on. ✍️

## Textual Analysis

The textual analysis includes various stakeholders who will, in one way or
another, have some kind of interaction with the device. Each stakeholder will
have a priority, relation to other stakeholders, area of expertise, and primary
concerns. **This is an iterative process, so information will change
constantly.**

### Hospice/EOL Agency

- Priority: major
- Relation to...
  - Nurses: Nurses work for agency
  - Caregivers: Communication between agency and caregivers
  - Patient: Agency oversees patient care
  - Government/HIPPA: Government oversees agency
- Area of expertise: Highly knowledgable
- Primary concerns
  - ???

### Hospice Nurse

- Priority: major
- Relation to...
  - Agency: Nurses work for agency
  - Caregivers: Usually first line of communication
  - Patient: Nurses directly attend patient
  - Government/HIPPA: Nurses regulated by HIPPA law
- Area of expertise: Highly knowledgable
- Primary concerns
  - ???

### Caregivers

- Priority: critical
- Relation to...
  - Agency: Caregivers contract agency
  - Nurse: Caregivers' first line of communication
  - Patient: Caregivers oversee patient's state and needs
  - Government/HIPPA: ???
- Area of expertise: Depends, usually not too much
- Primary concerns
  - Patient gets good quality care
  - Patient isn't mistreated
  - Patient medications are properly tracked
  - Can stay with patient as much as possible (provide resouces?)
  - There's clear communication between caregivers and with nurses
  - Patient can communicate their needs (to them or nurses)
  - Patient does not get overwhelmed more than necessary
  - Can communicate with patient when they're not there
  - Patient is **comfortable**

### Patient

- Priotiry: critical
- Relation to...
  - Agency: Agency oversees patient care
  - Nurse: Nurse directly cares for patient
  - Caregivers: Caregivers communicate patient's state and needs
  - Government/HIPPA: Patient information stays safe bc of HIPPA
- Area of expertise: Depends, usually not too much
- Primary concerns:
  - ???

### Government/HIPPA

...

## Current Unknowns

These are elements of this document that we still need to look into. Research
and interviews can be conducted for this.

- What are the concerns of the hospice agency?
- What are the concerns of hospice nurses?
- What are the concerns of patients?
- What does "area of expertise" mean in our situation?
- How does the government/HIPPA fit in?
