docs/teams/url/gitlab-ide.md, before:

---
displayed_sidebar: urlTeamSidebar
---

# Using the GitLab Web IDE

If you want to make a quick edit, you can use the
[GitLab Web IDE](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/web_ide/). You can do
by going into the repository you want to edit, let's say the
[Ojos Project Docs](https://gitlab.com/ojosproject/docs), and pressing `.`. It
will automatically open up a Visual Studio Code-like coding environment for you
to use.

:::tip

Remember that at the bottom of every page, there is a "Edit this page" button.
Click that button, press `.`, and you'll be opened to that specific page in the
GitLab Web IDE.

:::

## Switching to `dev`

When you are going to add something to any project, please make sure to switch
to the `dev` branch. At the bottom of the screen next to "GitLab", there is a
branch icon either labeled `main` or `dev`. Please switch to `dev`.

## What is this written in?

The website documentation is written in Markdown. Please use
[QuickRef.ME](https://quickref.me/markdown) to learn more.

## Error displaying webview

If you get an error stating that the webview could not be viewed, it is because
you need to enable cookies for the website, even cross-site cookies.

:::danger

After you are done editing your code with GitLab Web IDE, please disable
cross-site cookies.

:::

Commit message:

docs(gitlab-ide): added admonitions docs

docs/teams/url/gitlab-ide.md, after:

---
displayed_sidebar: urlTeamSidebar
---

# Using the GitLab Web IDE

If you want to make a quick edit, you can use the
[GitLab Web IDE](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/web_ide/). You can do
by going into the repository you want to edit, let's say the
[Ojos Project Docs](https://gitlab.com/ojosproject/docs), and pressing `.`. It
will automatically open up a Visual Studio Code-like coding environment for you
to use.

:::tip

Remember that at the bottom of every page, there is a "Edit this page" button.
Click that button, press `.`, and you'll be opened to that specific page in the
GitLab Web IDE.

:::

## Switching to `dev`

When you are going to add something to any project, please make sure to switch
to the `dev` branch. At the bottom of the screen next to "GitLab", there is a
branch icon either labeled `main` or `dev`. Please switch to `dev`.

## What is this written in?

The website documentation is written in Markdown. Please use
[QuickRef.ME](https://quickref.me/markdown) to learn more. Some of this content
is also written with admonitions. You can learn more about them using the
[Docusaurus docs](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions).

## Error displaying webview

If you get an error stating that the webview could not be viewed, it is because
you need to enable cookies for the website, even cross-site cookies.

:::danger

After you are done editing your code with GitLab Web IDE, please disable
cross-site cookies.

:::
