docs/welcome.md, before:

---
slug: /
displayed_sidebar: teamSidebar
---
# Welcome

Welcome to the Ojos Project documentation! This is a collection of Markdown
files organized to help you get a better understanding of us as a team and our
work.

The Ojos Project currently has two teams:

- [Research Team](/teams/research/)
- [URL Team](/teams/url/)

## What do these docs have?

As of now, these docs have instructions for our team. We will also include
important documents such as requirements analysis, and design guides.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute, you are more than welcomed to. Go ahead and
read the instructions in the
[GitLab repository](https://gitlab.com/ojosproject/docs) to get started.

Another way to help is by submitting issues. By clicking `Edit this button`, it
starts writing an issue for you.

## Need help?

If anything in these documents do not make sense, please contact Carlos Valdez
any way you know how, or via email at
[cvaldezh@uci.edu](mailto:cvaldezh@uci.edu). You can also
[open an issue on GitLab](https://gitlab.com/ojosproject/docs/-/issues). Thanks!

Commit message:

feat(welcome): added description using YAML string folding

docs/welcome.md, after:

---
slug: /
displayed_sidebar: teamSidebar
description: |
    Welcome to the Ojos Project documentation! This is a collection of Markdown
    files organized to help you get a better understanding of us as a team and
    our work.
---
# Welcome

Welcome to the Ojos Project documentation! This is a collection of Markdown
files organized to help you get a better understanding of us as a team and our
work.

The Ojos Project currently has two teams:

- [Research Team](/teams/research/)
- [URL Team](/teams/url/)

## What do these docs have?

As of now, these docs have instructions for our team. We will also include
important documents such as requirements analysis, and design guides.

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute, you are more than welcomed to. Go ahead and
read the instructions in the
[GitLab repository](https://gitlab.com/ojosproject/docs) to get started.

Another way to help is by submitting issues. By clicking `Edit this button`, it
starts writing an issue for you.

## Need help?

If anything in these documents do not make sense, please contact Carlos Valdez
any way you know how, or via email at
[cvaldezh@uci.edu](mailto:cvaldezh@uci.edu). You can also
[open an issue on GitLab](https://gitlab.com/ojosproject/docs/-/issues). Thanks!
